profile/README.md, before:

# BMC-Anvil

This GitHub Organization holds all repositories related to BareMetalCode's Anvil project.

## Repository organization

Momentarily, GitHub does not support folders, therefore, nesting related repositories is not possible.<br>
With many repositories this creates a bit of a confusing view.

A workaround is to use a _pseudo-qualified-names_ approach.<br>
Organizing repositories could be done by naming them like:

- [...]
- `com.project.topic.subtopicA.suptopicB.xxx.actual_name_of_repo`
- [...]
- com.project.templates.gradle.parent_config
- com.project.templates.gradle.spring_config
- com.project.templates.maven.parent_config
- com.project.templates.maven.quarkus_config

Which will make it clear(er) at a glance... (I wished, though...)

After renaming many repos, I find that this approach is evidently not a better solution than actually having folders support, but a little clearer
view of relations between repositories.

I'm not super happy though... it is organized, kind of eccentric to read...

Commit message:

Expand profile README with additional project details and repository organization notes.

profile/README.md, after:

# BMC-Anvil

This GitHub Organization holds all repositories related to BareMetalCode's Anvil project.

## About

**BareMetalCode’s Anvil** is a project management tool as many others, with a twist…

The original purpose back in the day was to [build a showcase app](https://www.baremetalcode.com/bmc_showcase/).<br>
Eventually that demo evolved into a proper full-featured application.

As with the original app, this one too will follow the showcase approach in documentation concerns.<br>
I’ll do my best to publish companion notes to the [project's site](https://www.bmc-anvil.com/) for each module and feature in the application.

## Repository organization

Momentarily, GitHub does not support folders, therefore, nesting related repositories is not possible, which creates a bit of a confusing view.

A workaround is to use a _pseudo-qualified-names_ approach.<br>
Organizing repositories could be done by naming them like: `project.topic.subtopicA.suptopicB.xxx.actual_name_of_repo`

i.e:

- project.templates.gradle.parent_config
- project.templates.gradle.quarkus_config
- project.templates.maven.parent_config
- project.templates.maven.quarkus_config

Which will make it clear(er) at a glance... (I wished, though...)

I'm not super happy though... it is organized, kind of weird to read...
